# terraform-aws-bootstraper

A terraform module to configure a [terraform remote state](https://www.terraform.io/docs/state/remote.html) for your AWS accounts.

## Overview

Terraform uses [state](https://www.terraform.io/docs/state/index.html) to keep track of your infrastructure and configuration. When working with Terraform in a team setting, it is recommended to use a [remote state](https://www.terraform.io/docs/state/remote.html). This module creates all of the necessary resources to keep your state files is a centralized remote location using an S3 [backend](https://www.terraform.io/docs/backends/index.html). It will also create DynamoDB table(s) that will track deployment locks thus preventing any accidental overlap.

## Usage

This module serves as more of a blueprint to quicky create and configure all of the necessary resources to integrate your terraform project using an S3 backend.

**Note:** This module is designed to be a once and done deployment; however, you may want to consider keeping the state file it generates with your code repository. If you choose to retain the state generated by this module then the module itself must be kept in complete isolation from the rest of your project.

### Directory Structure

In the example below we fragment the infrastructure where each sub directory represents a separate and isolated state.

```bash
terraform-project/
├── application1/
│   └── application1.tf
├── application2/
│   └── application2.tf
├── network/
│   └── vpc.tf
└── bootstrap/
    └── bootstrap.tf
```


### Module Variables

`bucket_name`
- A globally unique s3 bucket name where terraform state files will be managed.

`bucket_source_account_id`
- The AWS account ID where you want to provision this s3 bucket.

`account_ids`
- A list of AWS accounts where you intend to use terraform to deploy infrastructure.

`lock_table_names`
- A list of lock-table names to be created, but in most cases a single table is more then adequate.

### Module Example

It is recommended to create a directory within your terraform code project named `bootstrap` and within that directory create a new `.tf` file with a name of your choosing, copy and paste the following code snippet then customize the settings to your liking.

```terraform
module "my-aws-terraform-remote-state" {
  source                   = "USSBA/bootstrapper/aws"
  bucket_name              = "my-terraform-remote-state-bucket"
  bucket_source_account_id = "000011112222"
  account_ids              = ["000011112222", "333344445555"]
  lock_table_names         = ["my-terraform-remote-state-locktable"]
}
```

## Configuration

Once you have applied the bootstrap module to each of your AWS accounts you may now take advantage of those resources to [configure](https://www.terraform.io/docs/backends/config.html) the [S3 backend](https://www.terraform.io/docs/backends/types/s3.html).

Using the directory structure suggested above lets create a new file in the `application1` directory called `backend.tf`, copy and paste the following code snippet then customize the settings to match the resources created by the bootstrap module. Run a `terraform init` and viola you are now free to create any number of terraform workspaces (or not) and your state files tracked remotely.

```terraform
terraform {
  backend "s3" {
    bucket               = "my-terraform-remote-state-bucket"
    key                  = "aplication1.tfstate"
    region               = "us-east-1"
    dynamodb_table       = "my-terraform-remote-state-locktable"
    workspace_key_prefix = "applicaitons"
    acl                  = "bucket-owner-full-control"
  }
}
```

Now, lets configure the `application2` backend, but notice that we change the `key` so that the state files names do not conflict.

```terraform
terraform {
  backend "s3" {
    bucket               = "my-terraform-remote-state-bucket"
    key                  = "aplication2.tfstate"
    region               = "us-east-1"
    dynamodb_table       = "my-terraform-remote-state-locktable"
    workspace_key_prefix = "applicaitons"
    acl                  = "bucket-owner-full-control"
  }
}
```

## Contributing

We welcome contributions.
To contribute please read our [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) document.

All contributions are subject to the license and in no way imply compensation for contributions.

## Code of Conduct

We strive for a welcoming and inclusive environment for all SBA projects.

Please follow this guidelines in all interactions:

* Be Respectful: use welcoming and inclusive language.
* Assume best intentions: seek to understand others opinions.

## Security Policy

Please do not submit an issue on GitHub for a security vulnerability.
Instead, contact the development team through [HQVulnerabilityManagement](mailto:HQVulnerabilityManagement@sba.gov).
Be sure to include **all** pertinent information.

The agency reserves the right to change this policy at any time.
